website/api: update API clients doc (#21202)
goauthentik/authentik: website/api/clients.mdx

## Installation

<Tabs groupId="language">
  <TabItem value="golang" label="Golang" default>
    ```shell
    go get goauthentik.io/api/v3
    ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="python" label="Python">
    ```shell
    pip install authentik-client
    # Or
    uv pip install authentik-client
    ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    ```shell
    cargo install authentik-client
    ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="node" label="Node">
    ```shell
    npm install @goauthentik/api
    ```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Getting started

<Tabs groupId="language">
  <TabItem value="golang" label="Golang" default>
    ```go
    import (
        "context"
        "goauthentik.io/api/v3"
    )

    apiConfig := api.NewConfiguration()
    apiConfig.Host = "authentik.company"
    apiConfig.Scheme = "http"
    apiConfig.Servers = api.ServerConfigurations{
        {
            URL: "/api/v3",
        },
    }

    apiClient := api.NewAPIClient(apiConfig)

    status, _, err := apiClient.AdminAPI.AdminSystemRetrieve(context.Background()).Execute()
    ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="python" label="Python">
    ```python
    import authentik_client

>     configuration = authentik_client.Configuration(host="authentik.company/api/v3")

Author: up to the user, removed in the go one

    const config = new Configuration({
        basePath: "authentik.company/api/v3",
    });

    const status = await new AdminApi(DEFAULT_CONFIG).adminSystemRetrieve();
    ```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Inspecting the client source code

Each API client is published in its own repository:

<Tabs groupId="language">
    <TabItem value="golang" label="Golang" default>
        [Go to repository](https://github.com/goauthentik/client-go)
    </TabItem>
    <TabItem value="python" label="Python">
        [Go to repository](https://github.com/goauthentik/client-python)
    </TabItem>
    <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
        [Go to repository](https://github.com/goauthentik/client-rust)
    </TabItem>
    <TabItem value="node" label="Node">
        [Go to repository](https://github.com/goauthentik/client-ts)
    </TabItem>
</Tabs>

The `main` branch only contains code for generating the API client. Navigate via the GitHub UI to a specific branch or tag to see the source code of the API client for the corresponding authentik version.

## Generating a custom API client

To generate a custom API client from a specific schema, follow these steps:

> 1. Checkout one of the repository above for the language you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check out one of the repositories above for the language you need.
```

2. Download the OpenAPI schema from which the client will be generated and save it at the root of the repository under `schema.yml`.
3. Run `make build version=<authentik version>`

## Usage in authentik

> API clients used by authentik itself are vendored in the [authentik repository](https://github.com/goauthentik/authentik) under the `/packages/client-*` paths.

Author: exactly, pretty common term that should be understood
